# lcu_connector.connector

## class BaseConnector

Base class that stores the attributes for the `Connector`.

**Attributes**

- __pid (`str`): The private ID of the connector.
- __url (`str`): The private URL of the connector.
- __auth (`str`): The private authentication key of the connector.
- __headers (`Dict`): The private headers of the connector.

### BaseConnector.\_\_init\_\_()

Defines the attributes of the `BaseConnector` class.

```python
def __init__(self) -> None:
```

### BaseConnector.pid()

Getter for the pid attribute.

```python
@property
def pid(self) -> str:
```

**Args**

- self

**Returns**

- `str`: The value of the pid attribute.

### BaseConnector.pid()

Setter for the pid attribute.

```python
@pid.setter
def pid(self, pid: str) -> None:
```

**Args**

- pid (`str`): The value to set for the pid attribute.

### BaseConnector.url()

Getter for the url attribute.

```python
@property
def url(self) -> str:
```

**Args**

- self

**Returns**

- `str`: The value of the url attribute.

### BaseConnector.url()

Setter for the url attribute.

```python
@url.setter
def url(self, url: str) -> None:
```

**Args**

- url (`str`): The value to set for the url attribute.

### BaseConnector.auth()

Getter method for the auth property.

```python
@property
def auth(self) -> str:
```

**Args**

- self

**Returns**

- `str`: The value of the auth property.

### BaseConnector.auth()

Setter method for the auth property.

```python
@auth.setter
def auth(self, auth: str) -> None:
```

**Args**

- auth (`str`): The value to set the auth property to.

### BaseConnector.headers()

Getter method for the headers property.

```python
@property
def headers(self) -> Dict:
```

**Args**

- self

**Returns**

- `Dict`: The value of the headers property.

### BaseConnector.headers()

Setter method for the headers property.

```python
@headers.setter
def headers(self, headers: Dict) -> None:
```

**Args**

- headers (`Dict`): The value to set the headers property to.


## class Connector

**inherits** `Connection` `BaseConnector`

Represents a connector for a Riot Games client.

Inherits from:
BaseConnector
Connection

**Attributes**

- pid (`int`): The process ID of the client.
- url (`str`): The URL of the client connection.
- auth (`str`): The authorization for the client connection.
- headers (`dict`): The headers for the client connection.

### Connector.\_\_init\_\_()

Initializes a new instance of the `Connector`, and initiates the connection
if the class be instantiated with `True` being passed as a `start` parameter.

```python
def __init__(self, start: Optional[bool] = False) -> None:
```

**Args**

- start (`Optional[bool]`): Whether to start the instance. Defaults to False.


