# lcu_connector.connection

## class Connection

Represents a connection object that allows for sending requests to the Riot API.

**Attributes**

- __session (`Session]`): A session object for sending HTTP requests.
- __riotSSL (`RiotSSL`): An SSL object for handling Riot SSL certificate.
- __ssl (`Path`): The path to the SSL certificate file.

### Connection.\_\_init\_\_()

Initializes the Connection object.

```python
def __init__(self) -> None:
```

### Connection.start()

Starts a new session with the provided headers and SSL verification.

```python
def start(self) -> None:
```

### Connection.stop()

Closes the session if it exists and sets it to None.

```python
def stop(self):
```

**Raises**

- `SessionError`: If there is no active session.



### Connection.get()

Sends a GET request to the specified API URL and returns the response.

```python
def get(self, api_url: str) -> Response:
```

**Args**

- api_url (`str`): The URL of the API to send the request to.

**Returns**

- `Response`: The response object from the GET request.

### Connection.post()

Sends a POST request with the given data to the specified API URL using the active session.

```python
def post(self, api_url: str, data: Dict) -> Response:
```

**Args**

- api_url (`str`): The URL of the API to send the request to.
- data (`Dict`): The data to send with the POST request.

**Returns**

- `Response`: The response object containing the server's response to the request.

### Connection.put()

Sends a PUT request with the given data to the specified API URL using the active session.

```python
def put(self, api_url: str, data: Dict) -> Response:
```

**Args**

- api_url (`str`): The URL of the API endpoint.
- data (`Dict`): The data to be sent in the request.

**Returns**

- `Response`: The response object from the request.

### Connection.delete()

Sends a DELETE request to the specified API URL using the active session.

```python
def delete(self, api_url: str) -> Response:
```

**Args**

- api_url (`str`): The URL of the API endpoint to delete.

**Returns**

- `Response`: The response object from the DELETE request.

### Connection.connected()

Checks if the connection is established.

```python
@property
def connected(self) -> bool:
```

**Args**

- self

**Returns**

- `bool`: Returns True if the connection is established, otherwise False.

