# lcu_connector.riot

## class Lockfile

Class that manages the lockfile and its data.

**Attributes**

- path (`str`): The path of the lockfile.
- name (`str`): The name of the lockfile.
- pid (`str`): The process ID of the lockfile.
- port (`str`): The port of the lockfile.
- password (`str`): The password of the lockfile.
- protocol (`str`): The protocol of the lockfile.

### Lockfile.\_\_init\_\_()

Initialize the object with the given lockfile path.

```python
def __init__(self, path: Path) -> None:
```

**Args**

- path (`Path`): A string representing the lockfile path.



## class LeagueClient

Class representing a League of Legends client.

**Attributes**

- __process_name (`str`): The name of the League client executable file.
- __process (`psutil.Process`): The process object representing the League client.
- __lockfile (`Lockfile`): The lockfile object representing the League client's lockfile.

### LeagueClient.\_\_init\_\_()

Initializes a new client object and validates the League client process and lockfile.

```python
def __init__(self) -> None:
```



### LeagueClient.lockfile()

Getter method for the lockfile attribute.

```python
@property
def lockfile(self) -> Lockfile:
```

**Args**

- self

**Returns**

- `Lockfile`: The Lockfile object representing the lockfile of the current instance.


## class RiotSSL

### RiotSSL.\_\_init\_\_()

Initialize an instance of the class with a Path object pointing to the './riotgames.pem' file
and calls the private method '__update_path()'. This method is typically called when a new instance of the class is created.

```python
def __init__(self) -> None:
```


### RiotSSL.file()

Returns the value of the file attribute.

```python
@property
def file(self) -> Path:
```

**Args**

- self

**Returns**

- `Path`: A Path object representing the `riotgames.pem` file attribute.

